hey I'm rashawna Bryant with sneaker bar
Detroit we're at no joke kicks and this
is our video review of the wolf grey air
jordan retro three okay first things
first the box it's a typical retro three
bucks the bottom on the bottom half of
the box is matte black with your nike
logo and get drunk man logo besides are
all done the elephant print and the top
is also matte black with the red jumping
our logo on the front of the box you
have your size tag with the price serial
number and official colorway which is
what grey metallic silver black and
white but just like opening presents on
your birthday it's not about how to give
this wrap is all about the gift inside
so here you go the wolf grey air jordan
retro 3 the air jordan 3 has received a
lot of notoriety over the years from
being the shoe that launched air jordan
from the free-throw line to literally be
in the shooter save nike first released
in 1988 this is Tinker Hatfield debut
design as well as the first shooter
sport the jumpman logo this shoe is so
good it's bad and with the shoot is bad
you know the devil has to be in the
details the upper of the shoe is made
out of tumbled leather and smooth
leather both done a wolf grey the toe
box the lace locks in the back he'll
have black elephant print with hits of
metallic silver the back has a black tab
with a silver jump man in the silver air
and you have a black nubuck collar the
tunk is also done a black nubuck and you
have a silver jump man you're inside
sock liner is wife and this is where I
cannot stress enough the importance of
proper ankle hygiene you should already
be accustomed to watching your body but
pay special attention to your ankles
exfoliate you alcohol with necessaries
but please wash your ankles I've seen
many of the shoe become beaters all
because this part gets dirty movie going
to the midsole is mostly done in white
and there's a hit of black along the
base of the hill you have your visible
nike air unit right there for cushion
and support your outsole is translucent
on icy with the silver tent or a great
tip you have your hits of black on
for front of the shoe as well as the
joint logo on the hill you have the
stars along the toe of the shoe also
with your air jordan retro threes comes
the plastic air jordan tech and orange
as well as some cardboard cutout of how
to make air jordan trees in your
basement so if you want to make jordan's
at home i guess this would be the way to
go about it that about wraps up a review
of the wolf grey air jordan retro 3 let
us know if you plan on picking up a pair
I'm reshawna Bryant with sneaker bar
Detroit at the no joke kick store in
downtown Detroit Michigan all right I'm
out